Remove requirement for reciprocal connection ID change (#2386)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

congestion state (see {{migration-cc}}), so the port SHOULD only be changed
infrequently.

Endpoints that supply connection IDs with length greater than zero could have
their activity correlated if their peers keep using the same destination
connection ID after migration.  To ensure that packets sent on different paths

> cannot be correlated, endpoints SHOULD provide with new connection IDs before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cannot be correlated, endpoints SHOULD supply new connection IDs to their peers before the peers migrate.
```

And drop the rest of this paragraph, I don't think it adds anything.

Author: #2414 might be the better PR to review then.  I've removed the duplicated text.

Reviewer: I like the text there better, I've left a comment as well. Do you want to close this PR off in favor of that one?

Author: This should close when that does.  Closing this might have side-effects.

> Endpoints that use connection IDs with length greater than zero could have their

Reviewer: This is not part of your PR, but suggested change: "Endpoints that supply non-zero-length connection IDs ..."

Author: In reading this, I realized that we are assuming that this assumes that keeping the connection ID is a permissible option.  It isn't.  I'll file a follow-up.

activity correlated if their peers keep using the same destination connection ID

> after migration.  The goal is to ensure that packets sent on different

Reviewer: This is a bit awkward. Suggested rewrite:
"after migration. To ensure that packets sent on different paths cannot be correlated, such endpoints SHOULD provide their peers with new connection IDs before migration."

Reviewer 2: +1 to Jana's suggestion.

> after migration.  The goal here is to ensure that packets sent on different

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
after migration.  The goal is to ensure that packets sent on different
```
